hey what's going on guys welcome to
another minecraft video and in this
video I'm gonna be showing you guys a
tutorial on how to make the pixel the
pixel to pixel out of a pickaxe and in
this video my cousin tuff biscuits is
gonna be showing you guys how to make it
again so I just like to welcome him
you're not gonna hear him in this video
but I am trying to get it um so you can
actually hear his voice so you can
actually like know his personality and
everything but everything on the screen
right now is what you're gonna need so
please follow him and I believe he's the
best tutorial maker of pixel art and as
you can see it's just people in my game
right here they're just kind of getting
a shout out but yeah guys on what I
wanted to actually say if you guys want
to play with me at any time I'm always
on sometimes during the week sometimes
not because I have basketball practice
but you guys can always play with me I'm
always welcome to meet um a lot of my
subscribers and that's another thing I
wanted to say guys if you guys do enjoy
this video keep please drop a like
because I don't think I get what I put
into if you don't know what that means
like I put a lot of hard work into these
videos and like it's not really showing
so that's why I'm posting so many videos
right now too because if you guys didn't
know if you new to my channel later on
in this year sometimes around early
January my computer crashed it just went
blue screen and I was getting like 200
300 400 views on video and that just
dropped down because I was so an actor
but I am back with a awesome
pixel art tutorials and black ops 2
videos but as you can see we're just
done we're just waving at each other but
I hope this deter you did help you guys
if it was too slow if it was too
or if you want me to get closer to the
pixar next time just make sure you let
me know in the comments but um here's
the choices for the next videos coming
up everyone you see right now is what
I'm gonna be doing in the next videos so
if you want to see one that you that's
not on the screen right now make sure
you let me know in the comments so I can
actually get it out for you guys
but um I have to say my favorite gots to
be let's see gots to be the pork chop
the pork chop I'm just gonna say the
pork chop I'm not fat I'm just gonna
just gonna throw that out there the pork
chop the raw pork chop just looks so
amusing it just I swear if I was a fat
kid I'd be nibbling on my my screen
right now because just look at it it's
like kind of raw kind of nice you know
Jesus Lee it's not all the way done not
all the way cooked you know like if I
was a wolf that would be my dinner for
I'm rambling but um I just want to show
you guys the pickaxe is right now so
this is how it looks I hope you guys did
enjoy but peace out guys